okay warm up your brain here's a set of
riddles to check how
sharp your eyes are for each correct
answer you'll get one point
you'll find your results at the end of
the video
even though this picture seems okay
there's a mistake in it
[Music]
polar bears live at the north pole while
penguins at the south pole
try to find the odd image
[Music]
this horse looks rather natural among
the kangaroos
what's wrong with this picture
there's no way anyone will be able to
wear those pink shoes
they are both left ones
how many beavers can you see in the
picture
[Music]
i don't know how many animals you can
see but there are 11
beavers here can you find six words
hidden in this picture
[Music]
novel book story pages
words and read wow aren't those words
well hidden
one image in this picture is odd can you
understand which
even though it's definitely a cup it's
not the right one
look at the picture and figure out which
guy is poor
[Music]
it's the one driving the convertible it
has car rental written on its side
a dog's run away from its master and is
now hiding somewhere among all these
bowls
help the worried owner find his pooch
[Music]
gotcha similar but not the same
can you see the difference between these
two giraffes
[Music]
the one on the right has only one horn
it's actually called
ossicone a halloween cat is hiding among
these spooky bats
can you find the little critter
it's in the second row on the left
which girl is the cat's owner
it's the one with the run in her
pantyhose
there's a tiny snowman hidden among all
these snowflakes
you've got just seven seconds to find it
[Music]
oh it's a real master of camouflage
what's wrong in this picture
[Music]
why would a barn have a chimney
read what's written in the pyramid aloud
can you find a mistake
[Music]
the between in and hand is written two
times
one kitty stands out in this image can
you see it
[Music]
well it probably likes doing things its
own way
try to find the hidden tiger in this
[Music]
picture
ah this one was tough you needed to look
not for an
animal but for the words concealed in
the stripes
something is missing in this picture
the bus doesn't have any side mirrors
and windshield wipers
what's wrong with this picture
[Music]
june has only 30 days plus there's no
space bar
on the keyboard now can you find a
lollipop in this ocean of ice
cream cones
[Music]
here it is pink and probably strawberry
flavored try to find the odd image
ah-ha the only letter among all those
numbers
it looks like a face but there's
actually a word hidden here
[Music]
the hidden word is liar can you see the
odd number
[Music]
this 7 knows how to blend in
something's terribly wrong with this
lock but what exactly
[Music]
oops there's no keyhole
look at these cute animals enjoying a
warm summer day
but can you find a tiny bee in the
picture
ah here it is in the top right corner
look at the picture and try to figure
out what's wrong here
there's no handle how could the guy fill
the bucket
will seven seconds be enough for you to
find the odd number
[Music]
i've nearly missed this eight even
though it looks nothing like all those
nines
there's something wrong with this
picture but what
[Music]
the woman is standing with her back to
the mirror her reflection is totally
wrong
someone has hidden a soccer ball in this
crowd of enthusiastic pandas
you have seven seconds to spot it
right here it is so easy to miss
can you find one difference between
these images
just look at those flip-flops they seem
to have miraculously swapped places
holiday season is just around the corner
can you find a card among the pile of
gift bags
a hint for you it's red
[Music]
it was a tough feat to notice it in that
sea of bright colors
how about finding a heart among some
lovely elephants
[Music]
here it is right on the side of the
little pink
[Music]
find the house which is different from
the rest
yep here it is the one with the chimney
mark bought a new keyboard but the
seller fooled the guy
and gave him a fake one can you find the
proof
the keyboard has two eights but no nines
here are three words hidden in the
garden
try to find them all
here you go bloom garden and farm
there's a mistake in the picture do your
best to find it
hmm i wonder how they open that door
a mouse is hiding somewhere among these
mushrooms
can you spot it
[Music]
it's chosen one of the largest mushrooms
to take cover behind
this picture seems okay but i know for
sure there's a mistake
in it can you find it
[Music]
dragonflies have four wings not two
at first sight there's nothing unusual
here but what if you examine the picture
more attentively
right nobody uses a soccer to play
basketball
can you read the word hidden here
it says west
what's missing in the second picture
already munched on one of the hazelnuts
in the second image
and now try to figure out which rabbit
doesn't have a twin
a small hint pay attention to the
matching patterns on their
ears bellies and faces
[Music]
yep that's the one we're looking for
unlike others
it has darker spots around its nose and
on its ears
will you notice a mistake in this
picture
[Music]
i highly doubt anyone would need a
screwdriver while performing surgery
one detail is wrong in this image what's
that
[Music]
um how is the blue car supposed to turn
right
here's a bunch of kitties with their
tail sticking up
a perfect hiding spot for a little bunny
can you find it
[Music]
this white rabbit is hiding literally in
plain sight
your task is to find three words hidden
in this picture
[Music]
the words concealed in the image are
lamp window and
and now are you ready to find out your
results
if you've got 0 to 15 points you should
probably work on developing your
observation skills
if your score is 16 to 30 points you're
quite detail-oriented
a bit more practice and you'll reach
perfection
if you have 31 to 45 correct answers
you're as attentive as sherlock you can
spot the tiniest details without much
effort
good for you